hey guys today's video is may favorites
i love these videos are we fun to film I
get to pick out everything I was loving
this month yay I'm jumping into
concealer I didn't touch up by any means
before making this video because I
wanted to kind of show you as we went
and you know I can use a little bit so
what I've really been loving is stay
don't stray with Eve pearl now if I have
to touch up right now that does show you
something that I feel like it doesn't
last forever I haven't found a single
concealer that looks like perfectly
bright just like you applied it all day
it just hasn't happened yet for me but I
do want to show you the combo that I've
really been enjoying so stay don't stray
is my benefit it's a super light color
concealer I'm going to go ahead and just
tap that underneath my eyes this is for
your eye shadow and it's also for your
concealer and so automatically they kind
of so he wants to leave now she's so
indecisive that automatically kind of
brightens the area and then Eve pearl is
so awesome it's a salmon color and it's
supposed to counteract any sort of like
blueness under your eyes which it does
and this stuff is amazing but you can
see how insanely creamy it is so I
absolutely love this I've never found
anything that looks like you put it on
you're like wow that's a different
there's my little touch-up I'm gonna let
my Zoe kitty out next off we'll talk
about lips I've had two nude colors I've
really been into more of the glosses
lately and if you guys saw my hollow
while ago I have smoky look by necks
with a cute little bow and this one is a
perfect kind of nude color but it's
natural it's not like a you know pasty
concealer e-news you can see it has
quite a bit of peach in it this one's a
very thin consistency it smells kind of
like maraschino cherries if as I say it
it's extremely sweet so if you don't
love sweet and might not be for you the
applicators nice definitely been loving
that quite a bit and that's from kryolan
which came in my glossybox it's like a
liquid lip color it is serious it is
pretty potent and I'll show you just to
compare
but this one is really opaque so it goes
on kind of thicker but it's a gorgeous
color if you have a hard time wearing
kind of nudes I feel like this is
definitely a great option and it is in
the color toffee the next lip color I
want to talk about is another one of
these guys revlon lip butter this one's
in sweetheart and it's kind of new to me
I've had it at least a month or so it
does not have any sort of shimmer in it
i am using it even more than berry
smoothie which i've used quite a bit of
that just for comparison it's not
necessarily in my favorites this month
but there is very smoothie and then i'll
go ahead and show you sweetheart next to
it so i can so you can see it's a bit
more on the like hot pink side but it's
still a tad mellow it's not super opaque
where it's just completely coating your
lips but it's a nice gloss I have it on
now and I love it I wear this at work
all the time to the next items while
wearing these kind of nude colors are
really been liking colored eyeliner so I
wear this across the upper lash line I
do tend to take a black gel liner to
where closest to the lashes otherwise I
feel like though they're dark I need a
bit more definition or I'll wear a black
gel liner on the upper tight line there
but these are two colors have really
been liking and this is all my intense
i-color if you speak any of these other
languages it's something to do with blue
or teal that's what it looks like i'll
show you a swatch here and so you see
it's pretty dark so it's not like a
super bright vibrant color where you'll
see it from a mile away it's something
different so i've warned that a few
times that I do really like it and the
other one I've been wearing a lot is a
steal a smudge stick waterproof eyeliner
in purple tang this one came in possibly
a birchbox at some point I think it was
a birchbox maybe my glam can't remember
see how creamy that is it's so creamy
and it doesn't move
once it's set so it's a really pretty
color really great option also and it
does have a tiny bit of a purple like a
bright purple sparkle I'm not sure if
it's going to be able to pick up but
it's really nice and definitely very
creamy to nail polish combos I've been
liking this month or both purple I don't
know where that came from New York
summer this is a bright purple called
super violet and then layered untapped
divine swine by OPI I really loved this
combo I thought it was really pretty
this one I do not have a swatch of I
actually tweeted it but it is gorgeous
together I have SE sexy divide which
look at that great pearlescent purple
it's so awesome and really deep with
Milan ease lavender on top this was a
really great duo that I tweeted so if
you want to check my Twitter images you
can check there to see what it looked
like but really pretty together and
definitely love that and then something
that you may or may not be able to get
now I have vanilla bean noel which is a
Christmas fragrance comes out at Bath &
Body Works around the holidays sugary
vanilla scent and the reason I bring it
up now is because their semi-annual sale
is starting i think mid june maybe I
want to say the 13th the semi-annual
sale will do you know like the big
yellow banners with the red font it's
like 75 percent off etc so they might
bring this back it might not happen but
you can take a look if not you're going
to find a lot of really awesome finds
anyway so if you love Beth and Body
Works just know that the sale is coming
up and it is awesome so that is it i
hope you guys enjoyed and i hope you had
a great month and i'll talk to you guys
soon so I can't quite add this to my
favorites yet but i just wanted to show
you guys that this little plumeria
candle is from walmart for two dollars
and ninety seven cents or something and
it smells exactly like plumeria from
Bath & Body Works if you guys ever like
that old-school fragrance it smells
exactly like it to me so it's super cute
it's not exactly a favorite because I
never even burned it in May
I burned it June first but I love it and
I thought you guys should know if you
like that fragrance okay that's it take
care guys it i'll talk to you later bye